7/19/17

Applied 7/21/2017 3:22AM

see resume and CV located in: C:\Documents and Settings\pegblaine\My Documents\Employment\2017 Job Search\Adventist Health Care\HIM Clerk 317983

Adventist_Cover_Letter.docx
mfBlaine_medical_resume_2017.doc



Job Description
Job Title:		HIM Clerk - Health Information Management
Job ID:			317983
Location:		Shady Grove Medical Center
Full/Part Time:		Full-Time
Regular/Temporary:	Regular
Job Family:		Support Service Positions


Adventist Healthcare
We are currently seeking a motivated HIM/Medical Records Clerk to join our team at Shady Grove Medical Center. The Health Information Technician performs and demonstrates proficiency in all activities related to maintaining the integrity and acquisition of medical records. 

The candidate selected will be responsible for the following: 
Duties to include but not limited to: 
Responsibilities  
1.  Retrieves and files charts for requestors, knowledge of release information a priority. 
2.  Answers department phone. 
3.  Logs charts in and out of the computer. 
4.  Communicates with customers 
5.  Processes emergency room records 
6.  Retrieves discharge charts from units, as needed 
7. Provides coverage for Medical Record Assembler.  

Qualifications  
High School diploma or GED required. 
Work experience in an office setting preferred. 
Basic PC skills 
Strong customer service skills 
Strong organizational skills
Work Schedule
Full-time 40 hours a week day shift 8:30am - 5pm.
Tobacco Statement
Tobacco use is a well-recognized preventable cause of death in the United States and an important public health issue. In order to promote and maintain a healthy work environment, We  will not hire applicants for employment who either state that they are nicotine users or who test positive for nicotine use. 

We will withdraw offers of employment to applicants who test positive for Cotinine (nicotine). Those testing positive for cotinine are given the opportunity to re-apply in 90 days, if they can truthfully attest that they have not used any nicotine products in the past ninety (90) days and successfully pass follow-up testing.
Equal Employment Opportunity
We are an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status.
Learn More
Cut and paste this link into your web browser 
http://www.indeed.com/cmp/Adventist-Healthcare



