https://recruiting.ultipro.com/MAP1002MAPMG/JobBoard/9c5b2d47-fac0-4e56-9f06-b9cc2013276d/OpportunityDetail?opportunityId=a3d90e45-5a20-4187-ab6c-80a60d367a67

Kaiser MAPMG (Mid-Atlantic Permente Medical Group)
Data Analyst

DATA04063

Posted: 5/29/19

Full-time
Regional Office
Rockville, MD

Job Details
Description


BASIC FUNCTIONS 

This position exists to assist MAPMG in making strategic data-related decisions by analyzing, manipulating, tracking, internally managing and reporting data. Incumbent provides analytical and consulting support to MAPMG Leadership, under general supervision. This may entail working with our data systems to pull information using Oracle SQL Developer, analyzing the information in Excel or other tools and presenting the data to various leaders and staff within the organization.

RESPONSIBILITIES 

Provides a high level of expertise in systems relating to assigned areas.
Responds to requests for detailed data to support report findings.
Acts as an advisor or thought partner to a senior executive by structuring undefined issues for resolution, researching issues, and summarizing information, working with relevant stakeholders to provide the executive with the information needed to make sound and timely decisions.
Develops and maintains strong business relationships with internal business partners, including all levels of management, senior leaders, service chiefs, multiple levels of management, and other data users.
Performs analysis for problem solving and new methodologies by extracting data using tools such as Oracle SQL Developer, SAS, Python, MS Access and Crystal Reports; and compiling data from KPHC Clarity, telephony, and workforce management data systems.
Delivers high quality results on time.


QUALIFICATIONS 

Bachelor’s degree required. Master's degree and experience with a healthcare organization is strongly preferred.
Two plus years related experience in data analysis required. 
Project management experience preferred.
Working knowledge of EPIC (Clarity) data systems preferred.
Experience with translating business partner needs into accurate and robust management reports.
Working knowledge of the design, construction and use of complex relational databases required.
Highly proficient in MS Excel, Access and Visual Basic macros.
Highly proficient with SQL data tools, including SAS and Python 
Strong analytical, organizational, and communication skills required.
Good written and verbal communication. Strong experience in understanding business partner needs, documenting partner needs, documenting detailed report requirements, and the generation of reporting test cases.
Ability to express complex analytical and technical information to senior management or to audiences with clinical training.


