Kaiser MAPMG (Mid-Atlantic Permente Medical Group)
https://recruiting.ultipro.com/MAP1002MAPMG/JobBoard/9c5b2d47-fac0-4e56-9f06-b9cc2013276d/OpportunityDetail?opportunityId=0f8cbf8f-adf4-46cd-94e3-c5c0bacc46c4

Tumor Registry Analyst

TUMOR04048

Posted: 5/10/19

Full-time
Regional Office
Rockville, MD

Job Details
Description

SUMMARY

Mid-Atlantic Region Cancer Registrar is responsible 1) to perform casefinding to identify reportable cases of cancer as required by the Internal Kaiser Cancer Registry policies and those mandated by the cancer registry standard setting organizations, 2) to record on a computerized cancer registry abstract, pertinent cancer-specific clinical information from medical records in a standardized manner consistent with cancer registry standard setting organizations and internal data item requirements, and 3) to perform follow-up for the purposes of incidence, treatment, outcomes, and other activities as assigned.

RESPONSIBILTIES

Identifies and accessions new cancer cases into the Cancer Registry data base by reviewing documents such as pathology, radiotherapy, treatment reports, death logs, disease indices and death certificates. Checks cases against cancer registry files and creates suspense file according to established procedures.
Abstracts identified cancer cases by reviewing the electronic medical records. Records, codes and verifies accuracy of data information entered into the Cancer Registry database.
Performs follow-up for the purposes of incidence, treatment and outcomes, performance improvement, administrative planning and marketing, support programs and research activities.
Assists in the development of project proposals, recommendations, implementation plans, communication packages, performance measurement tools, and training materials related to the cancer program.
Contributes to practice development and department administration including, recruiting, debriefing on training, and developing thought pieces on topics like change management.
Assures compliance with current requirements of the Mid-Atlantic Region Central Cancer Registries to maintain a current cancer registry.
Reports problems to the Tumor Registry Project Manager, and apprises manager of progress and suggested changes in registry operations.
Performs other related duties as required to maintain efficient Cancer Registry Operation, including collection, maintenance and analysis of computer data.
Consistently demonstrates the knowledge, skills, abilities, and behaviors necessary to provide superior and culturally sensitive service to each other, to our members, to customers, contracted providers and vendors.
Maintains a current Certified Tumor Registrar (CTR) credential from National Cancer Registry Association (NCRA) if already certified, and will require maintenance once become certified.
Works closely with other health professionals to maintain, retrieve, and analyze records of the cancer patient's history, diagnosis, therapy, and outcome.
Consistently supports compliance and the Principles of Responsibility (Kaiser Permanente's Code of Conduct) by maintaining the privacy and confidentiality of information, protecting the assets of the organization, acting with ethics and integrity, reporting non-compliance, and adhering to applicable federal, state and local laws and regulations, accreditation and licenser requirements (if applicable), and Kaiser Permanente's policies and procedures.
In addition to defined technical requirements, accountable for consistently demonstrating service behaviors and principles defined by the Kaiser Permanente Service Quality Credo, the KP Mission as well as specific departmental/organizational initiatives. Also accountable for consistently demonstrating the knowledge, skills, abilities, and behaviors necessary to provide superior and culturally sensitive service to each other, to our members, and to purchasers, contracted providers and vendors.
Performs other duties as assigned or required.
 

QUALIFICATIONS

Certification by the National Cancer Registrars' Association (NCRA) as Certified Tumor Registrar (CTR) or attain certification within 2 years of start date.
Associate Degree (at least 60 Credits) including or in addition to specific coursework (2 semesters of Human Anatomy & Human Physiology and Medical Terminology) or NCRA-Accredited Associate Degree program or NCRA-Accredited Formal Education Certificate Program.
Bachelor's Degree preferred in Health Sciences, Health Information, Data Management or related area.
Minimum three (3) years of work experience in departments involved with the diagnosis and/or treatment of cancer.
Minimum three (3) years of work experience in a setting wherein data submission to maintain a statewide or national cancer registry was performed.
Minimum one (1) year of experience proposing and implementing quality control enhancements to management.
Preferred minimum one (1) year of work experience in a Commission on Cancer (CoC) accredited health care facility.
Preferred minimum one (1) year of experience using cancer registry software such as CNExT for report production and presentation of statistical outcomes to physician liaison(s) and medical staff based cancer committee.
Education may substitute for minimum work experience.
Demonstrated ability to write clear and comprehensive reports and other documents; read and interpret complex written material.
Demonstrated ability to solve complex problems logically and systematically.
Demonstrated ability to communicate clearly face-to-face, in writing, or on the telephone to a diverse community of internal and external customers is required.
Effective time management skills to meet deadlines.
Possess excellent physician relations, communication, organizational and interpersonal skills required.
Ability to perform medical record chart reviews.
Ability to be motivated, self-directed and have team building skills required.
Excellent written and oral communication skills required.

Qualifications
Education

Required

	Associates or better.

