https://recruiting.ultipro.com/MAP1002MAPMG/JobBoard/9c5b2d47-fac0-4e56-9f06-b9cc2013276d/OpportunityDetail?opportunityId=85f415a3-01d0-4a47-8e2d-4daca6b4aebe

Kaiser MAPMG (Mid-Atlantic Permente Medical Group)
Data Analyst Intern

DATA03580

Posted: 8/24/18

Full-time
Regional Office
Rockville, MD

Job Details
Description

PURPOSE

MAPMG (The Mid-Atlantic Permanente Medical Group) would like to develop relationships with Universities to provide students with the opportunity to learn the skills related to data analysis.  The goal of the internship is to provide Interns with the opportunity to work on analytical projects for MAPMG.  This will include working with our data systems and tools to develop reports to inform the business regarding performance and opportunities for improvement.

RESPONSIBILITIES

Use various data querying tools such as SAS, Oracle SQL Developer, Teradata SQL Assistant, and Tableau to extract data to create reports to support operational leaders.
Works with the Team to review, analyze, and develop solutions for operational leaders.
May participate in clinical quality-related informatics topics including the Healthcare Effectiveness Data and Information Set (HEDIS), Risk Adjustment, National Committee for Quality Assurance (NCQA) recognition programs and able to explain the relevance of these topics to MAPMG.
Other observation or shadowing opportunities as identified to support the learning process that includes discussion of Staff members’ career paths.
Maintains confidentiality of patient records, information, and Departmental activities involving patient information and business polices, decisions, and operational plans.

QUALIFICATIONS

Enrolled in a Bachelor’s candidate or above program.
Aptitude to work with technical software such as SQL, SAS, Tableau, Epic, etc.

Qualifications

Education
Preferred

	Bachelors or better.

Experience

Required

	Aptitude to work with technical software such as SQL, SAS, Tableau, Epic, etc.
	Enrolled in a Bachelor’s candidate or above program.
