2/17/17


Job ID: 317055
Clinical Data Analyst
Corporate Careers

Support Center-Gaithersburg

Posted Date: February 10, 2017

Full-Time, Regular
Corporate Careers

Adventist Healthcare
Care. Compassion. Community.

Responsibilities

The Clinical Integration Analyst will provide data analysis and reporting support for the physician networks; Accountable Care Organization and Clinically Integrated Network at Adventist Healthcare. This position currently reports to the Director of Ambulatory Systems and Clinical Analytics. This position has no direct reports.

Current Units that will be within the purview of this position include:

Adventist Clinically Integrated Network IPA and applicable technologies

Adventist Healthcares Private Health Information Exchange

Ambulatory Care EMR Support Program

Qualifications

Bachelors degree or equivalent in Computer Science, Mathematics, Economics, Public Health, Health Administration or Social Science.

Medium level skills with MS or MYSQL and MS Applications, including Access, Power point, Excel and Word is required.

Knowledge of relational database design and data warehouse concepts is required.

Experience with data reporting tools such as Cognos, Crystal Reports or additionally any population health software such as Optum, Tableau, Wellcentive.

Ability to construct analytic data sets obtained from a variety of sources.

Strong understanding of healthcare performance indicators, National Quality Forum, ACO metrics, GPRO reporting or HEDIS.

Tobacco Statement

Tobacco use is a well-recognized preventable cause of death in the United States and an important public health issue. In order to promote and maintain a healthy work environment, We will not hire applicants for employment who either state that they are nicotine users or who test positive for nicotine use.

We will withdraw offers of employment to applicants who test positive for Cotinine (nicotine). Those testing positive for cotinine are given the opportunity to re-apply in 90 days, if they can truthfully attest that they have not used any nicotine products in the past ninety (90) days and successfully pass follow-up testing.

Equal Employment Opportunity

We are an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status.

Learn More

Cut and paste this link into your web browser

http://www.indeed.com/cmp/Adventist-Healthcare
