2/17/17

Job ID: 316946
Stockroom Clerk Full Time Day And Evening Shift
Support Service Positions

Shady Grove Medical Center

Posted Date: February 3, 2017

Full-Time, Regular
Support Service Positions

Adventist Healthcare
– A premier healthcare system

– A compassionate mission of healing

– Dynamic Maryland/Washington D.C. market

We are a non-profit network of healthcare providers based in Rockville, Maryland. At Adventist HealthCare, you will find a clear passion for caring for the whole person and a progressive faith-based mission. Pursue Excellence. Practice with Compassion.

Work Schedule

Full Time Day and Evening Shifts Including Weekends

Responsibilities

ADVENTIST HEALTHCARE is seeking an experienced Stockroom Clerk to join our team at Shady Grove Adventist Hospital. Shady Grove Hospital is a 339-licensed bed acute care facility located in Rockville, MD. The Stockroom clerk maintains accurate stock levels for assigned departments.

Shift: Full- Time with occasional weekends

Responsibilities:

Identifies, picks and distributes inventoried stock items to maintain par levels for assigned departments.

Restocks floor shelving, fills orders and responds to requests for supplies.

Knows where all items are kept in the Storeroom.

Interacts with external and internal customers for supply needs.

Communicates issues with supervisor and customers.

Performs duties as assigned.

Ensures supplies delivered in timely and accurate manner.

Qualifications

High School diploma or GED.

Basic proficiency in PC software such as the Windows operating environment.

Displays good interpersonal skills and customer service skills.

Ability to handle a multi-task environment.

Benefits

Adventist HealthCare offers employees a comprehensive benefits package including company paid time off, life insurance, short term and long term disability. In addition, Adventist HealthCare makes generous contributions towards employee health insurance, dental, vision and retirement plan benefits. A variety of voluntary benefits are also available including Flexible Spending Accounts (FSA) and Long-Term Care insurance (LTC).

Tobacco Statement

Tobacco use is a well-recognized preventable cause of death in the United States and an important public health issue. In order to promote and maintain a healthy work environment, We will not hire applicants for employment who either state that they are nicotine users or who test positive for nicotine use.

We will withdraw offers of employment to applicants who test positive for Cotinine (nicotine). Those testing positive for cotinine are given the opportunity to re-apply in 90 days, if they can truthfully attest that they have not used any nicotine products in the past ninety (90) days and successfully pass follow-up testing.

Equal Employment Opportunity

We are an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status.

Learn More

Cut and paste this link into your web browser

http://www.indeed.com/cmp/Adventist-Healthcare
