3/1/2017

DadaLabs USA

http://datalabusa.com/careers/

ENTRY LEVEL TECHNICAL DESIGNER/DEVELOPER
DataLab USA is an award winning database marketing company that focuses on optimizing multichannel marketing solutions. Through the use of data analytics, sourcing, processing, and digital services DataLab USA effectively enables national organization to maximize their direct marketing investments.

The primary purpose of this position is to develop database systems solutions and associated technical services designed to support client business objectives through data analysis, modeling, and management. Candidates must be technically proficient and possess good interpersonal, troubleshooting, and documentation skills.

Job Summary:

Perform daily file import/exporting using SQL Bulk Insert/BCP
Setup adhoc or automated name/address hygiene processes
Troubleshoot file import/export issues
Troubleshoot existing SQL scripts/tasks
Monitor/Provide quality control for automated processing tasks.
Additional Duties as assigned by manager
Job Skills:

Understand SQL
Windows commands and scripting/automation techniques a plus
Structured programming skills – object oriented design knowledge is a plus
Other Skills:

Strong attention to detail
Clear communication and team work ability
Strong self-initiative
Education and Experience:

Bachelors Degree Required
Direct Marketing experience or knowledge a plus
Certifications/Technical Training are a plus
To Apply for this position, please fill out the on-line application form.

DataLab USA is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or national origin.


3/1/2017


Thank You

The Human Resources Department at DataLab USA has received your resume and has it under review. Should we find that your skills and work experience match the position for which you have applied, we will contact you for an interview. Otherwise, your resume will be kept on file for one year.
We thank you for your interest in DataLab USA and wish you success in your job search endeavors. We invite you to return to the Careers area of our website.
